--
--LAYOUT NAMES

An OC's layout, or level, global settings are determined by its file name.
The most common file name is 'oc.dat'.  '.dat' is required at the end of every
layout.  The layout name is everything before '.dat', and in this case it it is
'oc'.  If the layout name begins with 'oc' it is an Obstacle Course layout,
and Obstacle Course mode is used when it is loaded.

Every character after 'oc' determines the settings in a layout.

n: Use the old behaviour of armouries: only one armoury has to be used to win
a: Players can buy at any armoury (otherwise they need to win before they can buy equipment)  NOTE: this flag will only work on OC mods >= v2.0
p: Players will never be slowed down by creep
a: only the alien team can play
b: both teams can play
w: aliens cannot wallwalk
g: grangers can play
^^7g: advanced grangers can play
d: dretches can play
l: basilisks can play
^^7l: advanced basilisks can play
m: marauders can play
^^7m: advanced marauders can play
h: dragoons can play
^^7h: advanced dragoons can play
t: tyrants can play
*u: all turrets are unpowered (NO LONGER SUPPORTED since v2.0)
*e: all teslas are unpowered (NO LONGER SUPPORTED since v2.0)
*r: all reactors will not zap aliens (NO LONGER SUPPORTED since v2.0)

-
*: obsolete flag

All numbers (0-9) are reserved and will never be used as a flag.

If two OC's have the same name, add numbers starting with 2.  For example, if
a layout 'oc' already exists for a map when a second one is built, name it
'oc2'.  The next layout will be named 'oc3' and etc.

If the layout has a '_', the underscore itself and everything after it is
ignored.  Typically, an underscore is used only with one of the following
standard suffixes:

review: The changes are pending review
beta: New medis or arms are looking to be placed.  Generally a new OC.
    - Stats will most likely be erased if they were stored during the beta
    - stage.
armsonly: There are no medical stations in the course
medisonly: No Armouries in the course
indevelopment: The OC isn't finished.  (No OC's with this suffix should be
    - uploaded to the official OC server except under special circumstances)
contrib: Not necessarily a contribution (there are plenty without this suffix),
    - but a poor quality OC's.  These will usually not be accepted anymore.

Note that 'queue' was used instead of 'review' and 'needsreview' was used
instead of 'indevelopment' and 'testing' also existed in all versions before
1.3.

^1
^2
^3
^4
^5
^6
^7Press tilde, '~', to see the entire document
--
