--THE THREE TYPES OF MOVEMENT--

There are three different types of movement in Tremulous:
 1) After jumping, the Z axis is constant
 3) After jumping, the Z axis is never negative
 2) After jumping, the Z axis is not constant

The first type listed here is the mosted movement type.  It is used almost
universally by all v1.1 servers.  Height is never gained nor lost

The second type listed is used by some of the most recent development servers,
MercenariesGuild^(^T^O^D^O^c^o^l^o^r^i^f^y^M^g^d^e^v^T^o^R^e^a^l^N^a^m^e^)
included.  With this movement type, height can be gained, but it is never lost

The third time is the least common movement type.  It is usually used by a small
number of development servers.  Height is not restricted.  This mode adds more
realism to the game and opens many possibities for reaching special places and
areas.  The OC server uses this movement.

Because of the method we believe is best for movement itself, velocity and
slopes will affect the height gained or lost.  The faster you are,
the more your height will be affected.  The steeper the slope is, the more
your height will be affected.  If you jump running up a slope, you will gain
height.  If you jump running down a slope, you will lose height.  As a beginner,
try to get a lot of distance before jumping to practice gaining speed on a
slope.

--CROUCHING IN AIR--

Another fundamental move is commonly referred to as "crouch jumping".  Crouch
jumping is performed by pressing the jump key, releasing the jump key, and
pressing and holding down the crouch key.  It is a common beginner's mistake
to hold down the jump key while pressing the crouch key.  You cannot crouch
while you are pressing jump key.  If your jump key is bound to spacebar and your
crouch key is bound to 'c', you will only crouch when 'c' is pressed and
spacebar is not.  Crouch jumping can be difficult to learn at first, but just
like learning to ride a bike, it becomes second nature after practice.

--BUNNY HOPPING--

Bunny hopping is pretty straightforward and easy to do, but can often
be difficult to time when combining bunny hopping with other advanced movements.
To bunny hop, press space any amount of time before you land, and release
and press again immediately after you jump (assuming you have jump bound to
spacebar).  As long as space is pressed when and for each time you touch a
solid surface, you will jump.  To help understand this, stand in one place
and press space twice quickly.  Press and release space the first time
immediately, but hold it down and do not release it the second time.  Regardless
of when you press it the second time, as long as it is pressed (without crouch
pressed) you should jump.

Note that sometimes the packet which contains the start of your jump might be
dropped due to packet loss.  Your two best options are to improve your
connection, which can usually be done by pausing or halting any downloads or
switching to a better ISP, or use a client-side mod which modifies the behaviour
of jumping usually with the network code.

--ACCELERATION--

There are several methods with which you can use to accelerate.  The most common
methods are: slightly turning the camera, immediately changing direction of
movement by 45o, and pouncing as a Dragoon.  Once you accelerate, however, if
you are on a surface, your velocity will immediately return to around 320.


Press tilde, '~', to see the entire document
--
